[Music]
hey how's it gone guys this is Dave 2d
so the new MacBooks are coming the ones
I'm most interested in are the MacBook
Pros so this is a preview based on the
information that I've gathered now I
think most of it to be quite accurate
I can't guarantee any of it but let's
get right into it okay first thing the
2016 MacBook Pros are going to be
noticeably thinner and lighter than the
outgoing models even the footprints will
be smaller in terms of ports while
they're Apple and they're pretty
aggressive with cutting ports these days
and they're pretty forward-thinking so
there's an audio jack and there's four
USB C ports that's it
the two USB ports on the left support
Thunderbolt 3 and then the other two on
the right will just be regular USB 3
there's no SD card slot or any kind of
display outputs you will need to rely on
adapters for those so yeah with
Thunderbolt 3 that means the potential
for external GPUs superfast external
devices you can even feed a pair of 4k
displays at 60 Hertz or if Apple makes
have 4k display with Thunderbolt 3
connection you can hook up one of those
you can also power these laptops through
the Thunderbolt 3 port this port is
awesome the display resolutions will be
the same for their laptops Apple always
tries to hit a resolution where you're
getting around 220 PPI so that's like
the sweet spot where at normal laptop
viewing distances your eye can't resolve
anything finer than that or at least
that's the theory the most unique
feature of the new MacBook Pro is this a
little OLED screen it's small it's just
a strip of screen and they're calling it
the magic toolbar it takes the space on
the keyboard that used to be occupied by
the function keys so the function keys
can still be there if you need them but
Mac OS and third-party applications can
put their toolbars onto this little
screen and I mean you can already
imagine the functionality that this
could bring from media play controls to
photoshop tools I think it's going to be
really useful and at the very least it's
going to look super cool now on the
right of this OLED strip is a power
button it obviously turns the device on
and off but it's also a fingerprint
sensor like iOS devices so you can wake
it from sleep and then login to your
account
pretty much instantly since these
laptops are thinner the keyboards have
to use butterfly switches the typing
experience will be very similar if not
chuckle to the 12-inch MacBook in terms
of keystroke if you're only familiar
with the previous generation of
keyboards from Apple like their older
MacBook Airs and pros this will take a
bit of time to get used to because it
only has one millimetre of travel but it
is a good keyboard the trackpad uses
apples for such so it's that solid-state
trackpad with the taptic engine but
because it's a bigger trackpad it gives
users a significantly bigger surface
area for any kind of multi-touch gesture
but the cool part is that you can draw
on it with the Apple pencil this
trackpad is about 40% bigger than
previous trackpad so you can essentially
use it like a small Wacom art tablet
there are speakers flanking the keyboard
on both the left and the right the
15-inch MacBook Pros have always had
these stereo speakers but for the 2016
models even the 13-inch MacBook Pros
will have this placement also expect
awesome sound the caliber of audio that
comes from the 12-inch MacBook is
fantastic so on these ones my money is
on some really killer audio okay on the
inside the new MacBook Pro is going to
be running skylake chips these are the
sixth generation chips from Intel not
the newest KB lick but they still
deliver really solid performance this
diagram has a single fan this is for the
13-inch MacBook Pro the 15-inch MacBook
Pro will have two fans because they have
faster quad-core CPUs in terms of video
cards still known video they're going
with AMD Polaris chips as for which
cards specifically I'm thinking the rx
for atm it's an okay card low power
consumption and Apple love that but in
terms of just raw graphical compute it's
kind of mediocre think gtx 960m
you can play some low to moderate games
with it which I mean it's okay but the
thing that bugs me the most about it is
the lack of CUDA cores because it's an
AMD card and if you're an Adobe user
like I am you don't get to use CUDA
cores for GPU accelerated stuff you have
to use OpenCL and I don't love that but
if you're a final cut user you're gonna
love this thing the RAM is going to be
soldered on as usual not upgradeable my
guess is that 16 gigs is what we're
going to get at the top-end 32 gigs
would be roomier and more comfortable
but reality is very few people can make
use of 32 gigs of ram for the drives
with current Samsung nvm ease pushing
ridiculously fast be
I think these drives will be just as
fast my guess 3000 maybe 30 500
megabytes per second read 2,000 right
they can be pretty awesome battery life
will be about the same as the previous
generation they'll claim 9 to 10 hours
but expect seven or eight still really
impressive it's a thinner design so
there's less real estate on the inside
for the battery cells but Apple just has
some of the best power optimization in
the game okay so the new MacBook Pros
are going to be really exciting but
don't think that the older generation
like the outgoing 2015 or even the 2014
models are obsolete or anything yeah
they're not new technology but they're
still really solid performance because
the CPUs and these new ones aren't that
much faster than the older generation
the one thing that bugs me though is the
choice of video card I understand that
they have a great working relationship
with AMD I totally get it but Nvidia
I mean they've released a really cool
card this year the 10 series are just
fantastic it's like a 40 or even 60
percent jump in performance from the
previous generation so Windows laptops
are in for a real treat with this
upgrade the AMD chips that they're good
they're just not as good so that kind of
bums me out but who cares it's the new
MacBook Pro I'm sure a lot of people
love them hope you guys enjoyed this
video thumbs have you liked it subs if
you loved it it's been nice I'll see you
guys next time
[Music]